README.md, before:

# React Native Floating Label Text Input

Used as an alternative to `TextInput` by us in Rise, we thought you might love it too.

## Installation

```
yarn add @rise-digital/react-native-floating-label-text-input
```

## Usage

```
import FloatingLabelTextInput from 'react-native-floating-label-text-input'

<FloatingLabelTextInput
  containerStyle={{ width: '100%', height: 45 }}
  onChangeText={this.onChangeText}
  placeholder={`Name`}
  value={this.state.name}
/>
```

## Props

Besides [TextInput Props](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput.html#props), the following props can be passes to the component.

| Param                   | Type     | Description                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `containerStyle`        | `any`    | Styles for the container wrapping the internal `TextInput` and label.             |
| `label`                 | `string` | If provided, this will be displayed in the label instead of the placeholder text. |
| `labelStyle`            | `any`    | Styles for the label.                                                             |
| `underlineColorAndroid` | `string` | Pass `underlineColorAndroid` to `TextInput`                                       |

Commit message:

Move from rise to vertical

README.md, after:

# React Native Floating Label Text Input

Used as an alternative to `TextInput` by us in Vertical Strategy, we thought you might love it too.

## Installation

```
yarn add @verticalstrategy/react-native-floating-label-text-input
```

## Usage

```
import FloatingLabelTextInput from 'react-native-floating-label-text-input'

<FloatingLabelTextInput
  containerStyle={{ width: '100%', height: 45 }}
  onChangeText={this.onChangeText}
  placeholder={`Name`}
  value={this.state.name}
/>
```

## Props

Besides [TextInput Props](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput.html#props), the following props can be passes to the component.

| Param                   | Type     | Description                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `containerStyle`        | `any`    | Styles for the container wrapping the internal `TextInput` and label.             |
| `label`                 | `string` | If provided, this will be displayed in the label instead of the placeholder text. |
| `labelStyle`            | `any`    | Styles for the label.                                                             |
| `underlineColorAndroid` | `string` | Passed as `underlineColorAndroid` to `TextInput`                                  |
| `innerRef`              | `func`   | Passed as `ref` to `TextInput`                                                    |
